java/lang/invoke/BigArityTest.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/FindAccessTest.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/LambdaFormTest.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/LoopCombinatorLongSignatureTest.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/MethodHandleProxies/BasicTest.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/MethodHandleProxies/WrapperHiddenClassTest.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/MethodHandles/TestCatchException.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/MethodHandlesArityLimitsTest.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/MethodHandlesAsCollectorTest.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/MethodHandlesCastFailureTest.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/MethodHandlesGeneralTest.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/MethodHandlesInsertArgumentsTest.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/MethodHandlesInvokersTest.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/MethodHandlesPermuteArgumentsTest.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/MethodHandlesSpreadArgumentsTest.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/MethodTypeTest.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/PrivateInvokeTest.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/RevealDirectTest.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/SpecialInterfaceCall.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/TypeConvertingTest.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/VarHandles/IndirectVarHandleTest.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/VarHandles/LazyInitializingTest.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/VarHandles/VarHandleTestAccessValue.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/VarHandles/VarHandleTestMethodHandleAccessValue.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/VarHandles/describeConstable/DescribeConstableTest.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/condy/BootstrapMethodJumboArgsTest.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/condy/CondyBSMException.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/condy/CondyBSMInvocation.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/condy/CondyBSMValidationTest.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/condy/CondyInterfaceWithOverpassMethods.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/condy/CondyNameValidationTest.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/condy/CondyStaticArgumentsTest.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/condy/CondyTypeValidationTest.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/condy/CondyWithGarbageTest.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/condy/CondyWrongType.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/condy/ConstantBootstrapsTest.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/defineHiddenClass/BasicTest.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/findVirtual/FindVirtualArrayCloneTest.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/lambda/LambdaClassLoaderSerialization.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/lambda/LambdaFileEncodingSerialization.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/lambda/LambdaSerialization.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/lambda/RepetitiveLambdaSerialization.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/unreflect/UnreflectTest.java 20404 generic-all
valhalla/valuetypes/ArrayElementVarHandleTest.java 20404 generic-all
valhalla/valuetypes/LambdaMetaFactory/LambdaConversion.java 20404 generic-all
valhalla/valuetypes/LambdaMetaFactory/LambdaTest.java 20404 generic-all
valhalla/valuetypes/MHZeroValue.java 20404 generic-all
valhalla/valuetypes/MethodHandleTest.java 20404 generic-all
valhalla/valuetypes/Nest.java 20404 generic-all
valhalla/valuetypes/NullRestrictedArraysTest.java 20404 generic-all
valhalla/valuetypes/NullRestrictedTest.java 20404 generic-all
valhalla/valuetypes/ObjectMethods.java 20404 generic-all
valhalla/valuetypes/ObjectMethodsViaCondy.java 20404 generic-all
valhalla/valuetypes/RecursiveValueClass.java 20404 generic-all
valhalla/valuetypes/Reflection.java 20404 generic-all
valhalla/valuetypes/StreamTest.java 20404 generic-all
valhalla/valuetypes/SubstitutabilityTest.java 20404 generic-all
valhalla/valuetypes/UseValueClassTest.java 20404 generic-all
valhalla/valuetypes/ValueConstantDesc.java 20404 generic-all
valhalla/valuetypes/WeakReferenceTest.java 20404 generic-all